MINIFICPP-1406 Check for swig dependency for docker integration tests (#936)
apache/nifi-minifi-cpp: docker/test/integration/README.md

* Currently test_https.py does not work due to the upgrade to NiFi 1.7. This will be resolved as
  soon as possible.

## Test environment

> The test framework is written in python3 language and uses pip3 package manager to add required packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test framework is written in Python 3 and uses pip3 to add required packages.
```

- "written in" implies a programming language, so removed "language".
- Changed "python3" to "Python 3" as "python3" is a command used by many (but not all) distros to launch the interpreter, but I think the name and version of the language should be written as "Python 3".
- removed "package manager" because is sounds strange for me without an article ("the"), and is definitely redundant.
- Noting that "pip3" is also just a command to invoke "pip", the package manager, but either fits here.

English is not my first language so I may be wrong in some of the above.

```

Note that a docker cluster must be created inside of a *with* structure to

> ensure that all resources are ccreated and destroyed cleanly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ensure that all resources are created and destroyed cleanly.
```
